[Music]
this is a movie recap named black box
it's a mystery sci-fi movie from 2020
nolan became a father he brought his
daughter home for the first time her
name is ava
nolan looks at the pictures and video
tape tries to bring back memories he
have memory problems
he is frustrated because of that
suddenly he imagined someone attacked
him from the back
and grabbed him by the neck
but then his daughter came she is going
to school now she wrote him down what
was important to do during the day
teaching him how to behave in front of
people
his arm is in a bandage because he hit a
wall
he drives his daughter to school and
knows the way to school without her
saying
he takes cigars but she says he doesn't
smoke they tried signature handshake but
he does not remember nolan is a
photographer he have a meeting with his
boss
they won't sign another deal with him
because his latest photos don't reach
the level of this past work
he left frustrated he went to the
hospital where he met his friend gary
they are going to get some food he tried
all traditional doctors so they are
going to try something different this is
dr brooksby
she can reverse brain damage with new
technology he is lucky to have survived
the fall
what they will do now is hypnosis
nolan need to focus on the cursor
nolan wakes up in another dimension
there is only dark around him but
someone is in there trying to reach him
he got scared and jumped
nolan saw someone there it's the same
thing like in his nightmares
brooksy explained that this exercise
only transports him into deep
subconscious
she never saw someone have this result
so fast
his subconscious is very active
he will need to do multiple sessions to
unlock his memories
he went home and forgot to pick up his
daughter at school
this is the third time it has happened
to him the next time they will have to
notify the child services she is making
a dinner and taking care of him
for the second treatment dr brooksby
introduces black box
that will help him to access memories
left inside his brain
nolan need to focus on cursor for a
couple of seconds to relax until he
enter the safe room in this place no one
can harm you and you can hear doctor
voice and talk back
but he must never go outside of the door
because she can't bring him back there
is a watch which nolan can use to enter
deeper into subconscious mind
when he pushed the crown of the watch he
will be in one of his memories and in
this place they can't communicate
anymore
when he pressed he appeared at his
wedding
he waited so long to see his wife
but her face is blurred like everyone
else here due to lack of his memories
someone appear from nowhere walking like
an animal
nolan doesn't recognize him
and click the watch to go back
nolan is scared he is explaining every
detail he saw doctor said the thing he
saw his brain is trying to protect him
against the trauma the goal for next
session will be to see at least one face
gary comes to visit she turned the
tablet upside down because there was a
picture of her mother and she is missing
her
gary is helping the situation nolan took
his daughter on sushi this was favorite
spot of him and his wife eva is learning
how to eat with the sticks
nolan is thankful that she is patient
with him
they are ready for next session
goal for today is to stay longer so at
least one face appear
nolan is now at the unknown apartment
baby is crying in the other room he
looked outside to see if he can remember
this place
then he found his wife she is afraid and
shaking
someone heard her but then again same
thing happened and he could not see
again any face
he is getting close so his brain is
throwing everything at him to stop him
remember
apartment was so familiar but he can't
remember as he only lived in house
before
then nolan asked gary did he and his
wife ever fight because his wife was
beaten gary denies nolan was like a
butterfly he could never do that nolan
pick up ava and he is going to familiar
place from his memory when they arrived
he remembered something someone falling
off the stairs
instead of going down he went up some
little kid opened the door and he asked
for her mom to come
in the meantime he saw the details were
the same as memories he had during
session
and he left gary is checking nolan
documents and then he saw something is
off here nolan is ready for his third
session with black box again goal is to
see a face he is at the wedding again
that man started crawling again but he
is not focusing on him
he is looking at the wife face started
appearing slowly but he got punched
he is back at the safe room
nolan is not giving up he is pushing
more same thing is going on but this
time he fight back and knocked him out
gary is suspicious what happened that
night and dr brooks saw nolan that night
and she took him to her lab and suddenly
he was conscious again
nolan is now at the hospital hurt and
this time he saw a face for the first
time
then he goes to every scene to repeat
the cycle both in the apartment and the
wedding but the thing is this was the
same women like one he saw in the
apartment earlier when he left
then he looked at the window and his
face changed
he looked at nolan's family and they are
different
he started remembering the details from
his life and appears that dr brooksby is
his mother his name is thomas when he
fell off the stairs they brought him
here
he was still alive but it was too late
they tried everything and didn't help
she downloaded his data from the server
and waited to find the right person to
upload his consciousness into
so she found nolan he came here brain
dead from the car accident it's been two
years since her son thomas died
so he is not amnesiac and sick
just his brain is adjusting in another
body and black box is helping with that
ashley is his daughter and he will go to
visit her and wife ava is not his
daughter she is nolan's
he picked ava from school but he is not
interacting with her he will drop her
off at gary place for a few days
thomas also is yelling at her
before ava came out she wrote on his
hand
and he looked at her and left
thomas goes to meet his wife he is lying
that he is a friend of his husband
thomas started talking about dr brooksby
project how she is able to save and use
someone conscious and that she succeed
thomas introduces himself as her husband
and she wants him to leave but thomas
wants a second chance with his family
then he started yelling at her opened a
door to see daughter and she hit him in
the head suddenly thomas appeared in
front of ava he saw the same thing as
hunting him outside
same thing is happening now outside like
he was in the black box
they are doing last session now she need
to fix her son
in the meantime gary found out about the
accident same thing is coming after him
but we found out that was nolan
he wants his life back thomas is beating
him he took the knife and brooks is
ready to detach him
but in the last second ava and gary
arrived
they know about everything
ava is calling her father and thomas is
changing his mind
he got flashback what happened earlier
in his life and how he was always
violent
thomas gave up and left the door
he could not do this anymore brooksy is
expecting his son to wake up
but it was nolan now who control
everything
thomas is locked now behind gary
destroyed her equipment
nolan's is back at home he is missing
his wife brooksby is done
but she is able to back up and save
thomas
[Music]
i guess you need